fix: Correct typescript scaffold dependency (#26815)
cypress-io/cypress: cli/CHANGELOG.md

- Moved `types` condition to the front of `package.json#exports` since keys there are meant to be order-sensitive. Fixed in [#26630](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/26630).
- Fixed an issue where newly-installed dependencies would not be detected during Component Testing setup. Addresses [#26685](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/26685).
- Fixed a UI regression that was flashing an "empty" state inappropriately when loading the Debug page. Fixed in [#26761](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/26761).

> - Fixed Typescript detection in component testing setup. Fixed in [#26204](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/26204).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue in Component Testing setup where TypeScript version 5 was not properly detected. Fixes [#26204](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/26204).
```
